README.md, before:

# Analyzing Super Hosts in Airbnb Seattle
### Table of Contents

1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Project Motivation](#motivation)
3. [File Description](#files)
4. [Results](#results)
5. [Licensing, Authors, and Acknowledgements](#licensing)

## Installation <a name="installation"></a>

The Junpyter Notebook is written using Python 3 with default Anaconda Distribution and several other libraries. In specific, the following libraries should be installed:
- Numpy
- Pandas
- Matplotlib
- wordcloud
- re  

If you start with Anaconda default, then you should only need to install wordcloud (which is done in Notebook, so you only need to run the Notebook)

## Project Motivation<a name="motivation"></a>

I analyzed Airbnb Seattle listings with a focus on the hosts. I tried to look at how super hosts are different from usual hosts. The dataset I used can be found [here](https://www.kaggle.com/airbnb/seattle). I focus on using text data inside to capture the themes that differentiates the hosts

The questions that guide my analysis are

1. What's ratio of super hosts and how long does it take to be one？
2. What do super hosts do when they edit their listings (listing names, summaries, descriptions)?
3. What do customers care about/ recognize in the super hosts? 

## File Descriptions <a name="files"></a>
- AirbnbSeattle.ipynb: Notebook for the project
- AirbnbSeattle.pdf: pdf of the blog for the project

## Results<a name="results"></a>
The main results can be seen from the Notebook and the write up I post in this project

## Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements<a name="licensing"></a>
The dataset is from Airbnb and Kaggle. The project orignates from Udacity course, you are welcome to build upon my analysis

Commit message:

Adding doc
docs: adding acknowledgment

Add acknowledgment from which this blog borrows structure from.

README.md, after:

# Analyzing Super Hosts in Airbnb Seattle
### Table of Contents

1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Project Motivation](#motivation)
3. [File Description](#files)
4. [Results](#results)
5. [Licensing, Authors, and Acknowledgements](#licensing)

## Installation <a name="installation"></a>

The Junpyter Notebook is written using Python 3 with default Anaconda Distribution and several other libraries. In specific, the following libraries should be installed:
- Numpy
- Pandas
- Matplotlib
- wordcloud
- re  

If you start with Anaconda default, then you should only need to install wordcloud (which is done in Notebook, so you only need to run the Notebook)

## Project Motivation<a name="motivation"></a>

I analyzed Airbnb Seattle listings with a focus on the hosts. I tried to look at how super hosts are different from usual hosts. The dataset I used can be found [here](https://www.kaggle.com/airbnb/seattle). I focus on using text data inside to capture the themes that differentiates the hosts

The questions that guide my analysis are

1. What's ratio of super hosts and how long does it take to be one？
2. What do super hosts do when they edit their listings (listing names, summaries, descriptions)?
3. What do customers care about/ recognize in the super hosts? 

## File Descriptions <a name="files"></a>
- AirbnbSeattle.ipynb: Notebook for the project
- AirbnbSeattle.pdf: pdf of the blog for the project

## Results<a name="results"></a>
The main results can be seen from the Notebook and the write up I post in this project

## Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements<a name="licensing"></a>
The dataset is from Airbnb and Kaggle. The project orignates from Udacity course, you are welcome to build upon my analysis. The structure of this README takes from [this project](https://github.com/u0509421/Write-a-Data-Science-Blog-Post) and my gratitude definitely goes to the author!
